# Hospital Management System

Data models related to Smart Health. MedRescue is a real time ambulance booking application. The Flexible and Interoperable Data Transfer (FIT) protocol is designed specifically for the storing and sharing of data that originates from health devices. OpenMolar Dental Practice Management Software. OH - Open Hospital is a free and open-source Electronic Health Record (EHR) software application. Danphe EMR is a enterprise web-based application. OpenDental Clinic Website. Clinical Quality Language (CQL) is an HL7 specification for the expression of clinical knowledge that can be used within both the Clinical Decision Support (CDS) and Clinical Quality Measurement (CQM) domains. Clara is a forward-chaining rules engine. Rule Designer is the Eclipse-based development environment for ODM. Citrus Leveraging Expert Cognitive Pathways in a Medical Language Model for Advanced Medical Decision Support. d3web is a platform for knowledge-based systems. OpenClinic GA ERP is a software that helps manage a healthcare organization's business resources. Openkoda is a business application platform. The smarteCare project included modules for healthcare management. Drools is a Business Rules Management System solution. HAPI FHIR is a full implementation of the HL7 FHIR standard for interoperability in the healthcare field. oHMIS LIMS Middleware serves as a connector between OpenHMIS LIMS and analyzers. It provides support for HL7 and ASTM protocols. iSkyLIMS was created with the aim of facilitating conventional laboratory tasks. The eHealth Integration Framework (IPF). blaze is a FHIR Server with internal, fast CQL Evaluation Engine. The Open Source Computer Aided Dispatch (CAD), Personnel, Shift Management, Automatic Vehicle Location (AVL) and Emergency Management Platform. OpenBoxes is a supply chain management system designed to manage inventory and track stock movements for healthcare facilities. Fleet Management Blueprint is a close to real-life showcase for truck fleet management.

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.

